Claudine: Morgan? Do you have that draft ready?
Wow. What's wrong?
You look stressed.
Sorry. I feel like every week this summer.
I keep getting calls from people trying to
get information on their read review application.
And the data isn't coded correctly because people
keep submitting the wrong forms for their project.
So I have to search for everything manually.
It's starting to become a real pain, okay.
But the real priority is that engagement paper.
It's the end of the fiscal year.
And we have a hard deadline.
I realised that, but the only way to
stop people from calling me is to try
to give them an answer about their applications.
But I can bear only do that because
no one has time to sort through them.
I feel like it's a full time job
keeping up with these applications and most of
them were not even needed.
We should be sending people back to the
website to read through the documents, everything about
the process. And the regulatory frameworks is explained
there if we don't deliver this paper soon,
I will need to report to the AGM
that we're going to miss the deadline.
And this isn't looking good for us to
be fair at the site's navigation tion and
search function isn't the greatest people also need
help in translating some of the jargon.
It's not really easy to understand.
I don't have time to both guide people
through the process and write this engagement paper
draft. I don't know what to do!